c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\BlueOpexEmployeesManager.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\BlueOpexEmployeesManager.pdb
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\obj\Debug\BlueOpexEmployeesManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\obj\Debug\BlueOpexEmployeesManager.dll
c:\users\sergin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\BlueOpexEmployeesManager\obj\Debug\BlueOpexEmployeesManager.pdb
